Tensor network decoder docs & examples (#214)
NVIDIA/cudaqx: docs/sphinx/components/qec/introduction.rst

        // Alternatively, configure the decoder without instantiating a heterogeneous_map 
        auto d2 = cudaq::qec::get_decoder("nv-qldpc-decoder", H, {{"use_osd", true}, {"bp_batch_size", 100}});

Tensor Network Decoder
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> This example demonstrates how to use the ``TensorNetworkDecoder`` class from the ``cudaq_qec`` library to decode syndromes for a simple quantum error-correcting code using tensor networks.

Reviewer: I recommend moving this line to somewhere after line 782 and start this section with a brief introduction of the tensor network decoder. Aka, start with line 766.

> The ``TensorNetworkDecoder`` constructs a tensor network representation of a quantum code given its parity check matrix, logical observable(s), and noise model. It can decode individual syndromes or batches of syndromes, returning the probability that a logical observable has flipped.

Reviewer 2: To reduce confusion, I think this should match the string name that is required for use in the `get_decoder` API, so I think this should be `tensor_network_decoder`.

Key Steps:

1. **Define the parity check matrix**: This matrix encodes the structure of the quantum code. In the example, a simple [3,1] repetition code is used.

2. **Specify the logical observable**: This is typically a row vector indicating which qubits participate in the logical operator.

3. **Set the noise model**: The example uses a factorized noise model with independent bit-flip probability for each error mechanism.

> 4. **Instantiate the decoder**: Create a ``TensorNetworkDecoder`` object with the code parameters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. **Instantiate the decoder**: Create a decoder object using `qec.get_decoder("tensor_network_decoder", ...)` with the code parameters.
```

3. **Set the noise model**: The example uses a factorized noise model with independent bit-flip probability for each error mechanism.

4. **Instantiate the decoder**: Create a ``TensorNetworkDecoder`` object with the code parameters.

5. **Decode syndromes**: Use the ``decode`` method for single syndromes or ``decode_batch`` for multiple syndromes.

> 

Reviewer: Is the tensor network decoder based on a paper or something? If so, can we include the link to it here?

Author: Our paper, work in progress :) I referred to some similar work in the API

Usage:

.. tab:: Python

    .. code-block:: python

        import cudaq_qec as qec
        import numpy as np

        # Define code parameters
        H = np.array([[1, 1, 0], [0, 1, 1]], dtype=np.uint8)
        logical_obs = np.array([[1, 1, 1]], dtype=np.uint8)
        noise_model = [0.1, 0.1, 0.1]

        decoder = qec.get_decoder("tensor_network_decoder", H, logical_obs=logical_obs, noise_model=noise_model)

        # Decode a single syndrome
        syndrome = [0.0, 1.0]
        result = decoder.decode(syndrome)
        print(result.result)

        # Decode a batch of syndromes
        syndrome_batch = np.array([[0.0, 0.0], [0.0, 1.0], [1.0, 0.0]], dtype=np.float32)
        batch_results = decoder.decode_batch(syndrome_batch)
        for res in batch_results:
            print(res.result)

.. tab:: C++

>     We don't provide a C++ API for the tensor network decoder at this time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Tensor Network Decoder is a Python-only implementation. C++ APIs are not available for this decoder.
```

Author: I kept the tab as Melody suggested. Please let me know if you prefer otherwise.

Output:

> The decoder returns the probability that the logical observable has flipped for each syndrome. This can be used to assess the performance of the code and the decoder under different error scenarios.

Reviewer: Can you please add this line to the api .rst too?

Reviewer: Yes, perfect. Thanks!
